[CLUE-576] Source DocumentModel metadata from Firestore in openDocument (#2919)
concord-consortium/collaborative-learning: docs/firestore-schema.md

- context_id: (string, uuid, should match context_id of a class; read-only)
- createdAt: (timestamp; read-only)
- visibility: (string, "public" | "private")
- groupId: (string, written only when truthy; group and publication documents)
- offeringId: (string, problem-family documents)
- unit: (string, unit code; written as null for personal/learning-log documents)
- investigation: (string, investigation ordinal)
- problem: (string, problem ordinal)
- originDoc: (string, if set = key of the original document that created this PublishedDocument)
- properties: (map; the client writes this as `{}` at creation and never updates it — treat as unpopulated. See metadata-fields.md.)
- tools: (array of strings, tile types present in the content; maintained by the content sync)
- strategies: (array of strings, comment tags; written only by the `on-document-tagged` cloud function)
- lastHistoryEntry: (map `{ id, index }`, the head of the Firestore history chain; concurrent-history documents)
- canonical: (string, group documents; claims a canonical label so concurrent creators converge)

> - network: (string, name of a network) — _snapshot of the creator's primary network, read back by the rules; see the [`network`](./document-metadata/metadata-fields.md#network) section in metadata-fields.md for why it's problematic_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- network: (string, name of a network) — _snapshot of the creator's primary network, read back by the rules; this field is unreliable because it gets stale when a user switches networks; see the [`network`](./document-metadata/metadata-fields.md#network) section in metadata-fields.md for details_
```

Author: Applied in a commit (rather than via the suggestion button, so it lands with the other doc edits) — reworded to state the field is unreliable because it goes stale when a user switches networks.
